{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Let's take what we've learned so far to create our Fractals viewer using WPF and FsXaml for our UI. Since we are going to be working in Windows in this chapter we will use Visual Studio Community Edition for our development. Visual Studio Community Edition is free and you can download and install it from }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/vs/community/}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0 . Install the F# tools when you install Visual Studio Community Edition. Take some time to learn how to use Visual Studio, especially features such as debugging and performance profiling you haven\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t used them before. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 When you are are ready, type in the following commands into a Powershell command prompt to create the skeleton of the Fractals viewer project:}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 1: dotnet new sln -n Fractals}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 2: dotnet new classlib -lang "F#" -n Viewer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 3: dotnet sln add Viewer/Viewer.fsproj}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 \line A quick explanation of what each line means: In line 1 we create a new Visual Studio solution file called Fractals. In line 2 we create a new F# based class library called Viewer. The files associated with this Viewer are stored in the sub-directory Viewer. Finally, on line 3 the Viewer class library is added to the solution.}}